hey everybody its Kristen and welcome
back to today I'm going to be doing a
very quick tutorial on my current
favorite look this is a kind of like a
fall inspired look um I was actually
inspired to do it after doing somebody's
wedding makeup and I have literally been
wearing it um kind of non-stop since I
put this on and I just really really
love it it's using a little pro palette
it's definitely wearable it's just a
werewolf all look it's beautiful I think
it's absolutely stunning on brown eyes
which is sometimes what I have a hard
time putting color on my brown eyes I
don't really like it but I absolutely
love it um and all products I use will
be listed in the description box below
so you guys can find them and yeah so I
hope you guys enjoyed this video if you
would like to see how i created this
very kind of wearable smokey eye for
falls and just keep watching i started
by priming my i know i'm going to put
taupe on a fluffy brush into my crease
then on a flat shader brush I'm going to
take the color garnet and push it onto
my lid
then with the color sable on a tapered
blending brush I'm going to work that
into my outer crease and my outer corner
and just kind of blend that out
monday
on a small pencil brush I'm going to
take a spry so and put it just in my
outer V and again I'm going to blend I'm
going to take a little bit more of that
taupe on my blending brush and I'm going
to just kind of blend everything out
take the colored cream and I'm going to
put a little fall out there so just be
careful i'm going to put that up top and
then i am going to blend that out as
well this will take some ex-fix plus on
my fam little shader brush getting it
soaking wet put it in the color garnet
and I'm just going to put that garnet
back all over the lid just to intensify
that color just a little bit
i'm going to go ahead and buy my liner
and I'm going to finish this off with
some lashes when you be using the red
cherry 43 so to finish up the eyes all
we have to do is take the taupe on a
pencil brush and work that under the eye
really want to get that in good on your
lower lashline then I'm going to take
Garnett on that same pencil brush and
I'm just going to put it on the outer
corner
then this very tiny shader brush I'm
going to go in with the color champagne
and I'm just going to highlight my inner
corner
and I'm going to put some maybelline
lash discovery mascara on the bottom
ok so to save time on this I went ahead
and finished my face but I really wanted
to just tell you guys what I used use my
NARS Laguna bronzer to bronze up my face
I use the lorac um spotlight highlighter
and I use the elf blush in blushing Rose
I'm like obsessed with this color I
absolutely love it for lips I am just
going to use this bite lipstick in
rhubarb
and then for a little bit of loss i'm
going to add a little bit of buxom smut
slide on top see i absolutely love this
look I've been wearing in a ton lately I
hope that you guys enjoyed this video
now you requested to see more looks that
were not neutrals this is one that I
have actually been wearing a ton and i
absolutely love so um yeah I'm all
products will be listed in the
description box below I hope you guys
enjoyed this video anyway guys I hope
that you guys have a fantastic day and
like I said I hope you enjoyed the video
and I will talk to you guys soon bye